it i you he they she we	 who them him me her one us something nothing	himself	anything itself	themselves
someone everything herself anyone everyone whom myself each_other yourself none no_one somebody nobody
everybody anybody his plenty mine lots	ourselves yours one_another hers no-one ours 'em ye whoever ya
theirs the a his an their her its my your no our every	 me this which what all some these any many
those such more own same another much each few most both several half whose little former whatever less
enough latter either fewer neither of in to for with on by at	from as into about like	 after between 
through over against under out_of without within during before such_as towards around	 upon including	
among across off behind	since because_of as_well_as rather_than until according_to up_to despite near
above per along	away_from throughout outside round beyond worth in_terms_of down on_to up due_to 
inside as_to instead_of plus past in_front_of apart_from onto beside below v. subject_to along_with
beneath	in_relation_to amongst via other_than unlike in_favour_of in_addition_to v prior_to concerning
next_to except alongside in_respect_of in_spite_of till on_behalf_of aged ahead_of on_top_of as_for 
depending_on but regarding in_accordance_with except_for in_response_to in_the_light_of as_opposed_to
in_charge_of with_regard_to &times; by_means_of in_connection_with on_the_part_of in_view_of	by_way_of
contrary_to with_respect_to let_alone in_touch_with minus toward in_conjunction_with in_line_with opposite
following amid	in_support_of in_search_of underneath relative_to and	that but or as if when than because
while where although whether before since so though until after so_that cos as_if for	139&amp; nor unless
once even_if whereas even_though whilst as_though rather_than	as_soon_as except now_that provided as_long_as
whether_or_not like till even_when in_case and/or in_that albeit except_that so_long_as given_that
provided_that yeah oh no yes mm ah mhm	aye ooh	hello dear eh ha aha hey bye yep goodbye should be has
hasn't do don't doesn't haven't shouldn't want


